README.md, before:

# Flask Example
Creating a simple Flask Example project

Part of this code and explination is modifyfied from https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.3.x/

## Part 1
Creating the minimal Flask web-application [part 1 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part1-minimal-application)

## Part 2
Adding an about page, and some html tags [part 2 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part2-minimal-application)

## Part 3
In this part we have;
- Adding an error page
- Used templates 

Link to [part 3 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part3-basic-template-application)

## Part 4
In this part we have;
- Adding simple user page
- Used `{% include <some.html' %}` to replace footer navigation bar with single html file

Link to [part 4 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part4-basic-template-application)

## Part 5
In this part we have
- added DataManager class to handle a list of users
- modified user page to check if user in list of user or redirect to error page

- Link to [part 5 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part5-basic-template-application)

## Part 6
In this part 
- added stylesheet via a static file
- change about to display three random user pages
- added `base.html` template
- - Link to [part 6 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part6-using-base-template-application)

Commit message:

added stored data in a csv file reading stored data and to populate the initial user name list added simple unittest for DataManger class updated README

README.md, after:

# Flask Example
Creating a simple Flask Example project

Part of this code and explination is modifyfied from https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.3.x/

## Part 1
Creating the minimal Flask web-application [part 1 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part1-minimal-application)

## Part 2
Adding an about page, and some html tags [part 2 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part2-minimal-application)

## Part 3
In this part we have;
- Adding an error page
- Used templates 

Link to [part 3 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part3-basic-template-application)

## Part 4
In this part we have;
- Adding simple user page
- Used `{% include <some.html' %}` to replace footer navigation bar with single html file

Link to [part 4 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part4-basic-template-application)

## Part 5
In this part we have
- added DataManager class to handle a list of users
- modified user page to check if user in list of user or redirect to error page

- Link to [part 5 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part5-basic-template-application)

## Part 6
In this part 
- added stylesheet via a static file
- change about to display three random user pages
- added `base.html` template
- Link to [part 6 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part6-using-base-template-application)

## Part 7
In this part
- added intial user list store on a 'user_data.csv'
- added simple unit test for 'data_manager'
- Link to [part 7 branch](https://github.com/stealthness/flask-example/tree/part7-adding-csv-application)
